% Options for packages loaded elsewhere
\PassOptionsToPackage{unicode}{hyperref}
\PassOptionsToPackage{hyphens}{url}
%
\documentclass[
  11pt,
]{article}
\usepackage{amsmath,amssymb}
\usepackage{lmodern}
\usepackage{iftex}
\ifPDFTeX
  \usepackage[T1]{fontenc}
  \usepackage[utf8]{inputenc}
  \usepackage{textcomp} % provide euro and other symbols
\else % if luatex or xetex
  \usepackage{unicode-math}
  \defaultfontfeatures{Scale=MatchLowercase}
  \defaultfontfeatures[\rmfamily]{Ligatures=TeX,Scale=1}
\fi
% Use upquote if available, for straight quotes in verbatim environments
\IfFileExists{upquote.sty}{\usepackage{upquote}}{}
\IfFileExists{microtype.sty}{% use microtype if available
  \usepackage[]{microtype}
  \UseMicrotypeSet[protrusion]{basicmath} % disable protrusion for tt fonts
}{}
\makeatletter
\@ifundefined{KOMAClassName}{% if non-KOMA class
  \IfFileExists{parskip.sty}{%
    \usepackage{parskip}
  }{% else
    \setlength{\parindent}{0pt}
    \setlength{\parskip}{6pt plus 2pt minus 1pt}}
}{% if KOMA class
  \KOMAoptions{parskip=half}}
\makeatother
\usepackage{xcolor}
\IfFileExists{xurl.sty}{\usepackage{xurl}}{} % add URL line breaks if available
\IfFileExists{bookmark.sty}{\usepackage{bookmark}}{\usepackage{hyperref}}
\hypersetup{
  pdftitle={2023 Bayesian Age-structure Stock Assessment (BASA) PRELIMINARY Results for Prince William Sound (PWS) herring},
  pdfauthor={Joshua A. Zahner; Trevor A. Branch},
  hidelinks,
  pdfcreator={LaTeX via pandoc}}
\urlstyle{same} % disable monospaced font for URLs
\usepackage[margin=1in]{geometry}
\usepackage{graphicx}
\makeatletter
\def\maxwidth{\ifdim\Gin@nat@width>\linewidth\linewidth\else\Gin@nat@width\fi}
\def\maxheight{\ifdim\Gin@nat@height>\textheight\textheight\else\Gin@nat@height\fi}
\makeatother
% Scale images if necessary, so that they will not overflow the page
% margins by default, and it is still possible to overwrite the defaults
% using explicit options in \includegraphics[width, height, ...]{}
\setkeys{Gin}{width=\maxwidth,height=\maxheight,keepaspectratio}
% Set default figure placement to htbp
\makeatletter
\def\fps@figure{htbp}
\makeatother
\setlength{\emergencystretch}{3em} % prevent overfull lines
\providecommand{\tightlist}{%
  \setlength{\itemsep}{0pt}\setlength{\parskip}{0pt}}
\setcounter{secnumdepth}{-\maxdimen} % remove section numbering
\usepackage{multirow}
\usepackage{multicol}
\usepackage{colortbl}
\usepackage{hhline}
\usepackage{longtable}
\usepackage{array}
\usepackage{hyperref}
\ifLuaTeX
  \usepackage{selnolig}  % disable illegal ligatures
\fi

\title{2023 Bayesian Age-structure Stock Assessment (BASA) PRELIMINARY
Results for Prince William Sound (PWS) herring}
\author{Joshua A. Zahner \and Trevor A. Branch}
\date{August 17, 2023}

\begin{document}
\maketitle

\hypertarget{executive-summary}{%
\section{Executive Summary}\label{executive-summary}}

\emph{All quantities and model fits reported here should be considered
preliminary until the full ASL survey dataset has been processed and
integrated into the model.}

The median spawning biomass of PWS herring in 2023 was estimated at
approximately 26,540 metric tons, above the minimum threshold required
for the opening of existing herring fisheries (19,958 metric tons).
Taking into account uncertainity in this estimate, there is an
approximately 10\% probability that the true biomass of the PWS herring
population is below this lower cutoff. The 2023 biomass estimate is the
highest since 2008, and continues the recent trend of biomass growth
observed since 2018. The estimated age-composition for 2023 shows a
modest proportion of age-7 individuals, continuing to support the
estimate of a strong 2016 cohort, as well as relatively large
proportions of age-3 fish, supporting a large 2020 year-class. Based on
recent trends in both the survey data and model estimates of biomass,
the PWS herring stock appears to be recovering towards its mid-2000s
level. While still a long way from the biomass levels sustained prior to
the 1993 population crash, this is a welcome sign after nearly a decade
of further biomass decline.

\hypertarget{background}{%
\section{Background}\label{background}}

Before 2014, the Alaska Department of Fish and Game (ADF\&G) ran an
Excel-based age structured assessment (ASA) model to forecast PWS
herring biomass for input into harvest control rule. The harvest control
rule has a minimum biomass threshold at 19,958 metric tons, which is
equivalent to 25\% of the unfished biomass under equilibrium determined
from simulations (Funk and Rowell 1995). When forecasted biomass is
between 19,958 and 38,555 metric tons (22,000-42,500 short tons), the
control rules scales the annual harvest rate from 0-20\% (Botz et
al.~2011). These reference points were last revised by the Alaska Board
of Fisheries in 1994.

Since 2014, the ASA has been expanded to include a Bayesian formulation
(BASA) that inherently weights the input data sources based on
statistical probability distributions, and estimates uncertainty through
the sampling of Bayesian posteriors (Muradian et al.~2017). Muradian et
al.~(2017) first demonstrated BASA as a more robust model to the
previous ASA. Since then, BASA has been used in various studies to
evaluate which historical input data were the most informative given the
trade-off between information gain and cost (Muradian et al.~2019) and
which ecological factors most likely regulate herring recruitment and
natural mortality (Trochta and Branch 2021).

Various updates have been made to the equations of BASA since Muradian
et al.~(2017) to reflect changes in the understanding of herring biology
and life history, as well as incorporate new data. These changes
included, but were not limited to:

\begin{itemize}
\tightlist
\item
  Fitting hydroacoustic data to mature biomass instead of total age 3+
  biomass (Trochta and Branch 2021)
\item
  Estimating maturity (proportions mature at ages 3 and 4) over the
  entire modeling time period instead of two time periods split at 1997
\item
  Incorporating aerial age-1 school count data to inform recruitment
  estimates before they enter the spawning population at age 3
\item
  Integrating seroprevalence and disease data to inform natural
  mortality estimates (Trochta et al.~\emph{in review})
\end{itemize}

Furthermore, a more efficient Markov Chain Monte Carlo (MCMC) algorithm
called the No-U-turn Sampler (NUTS) has been introduced to rapidly
sample posteriors of the parameters in BASA (Monnahan et al.~2019).

At present, BASA is primarily used to estimate spawning biomass and
recruitment up to the most recent year with data. Persistent low levels
of biomass and recruitment since the early 1990s continue to preclude
consideration of reopening of fisheries under the current harvest
strategy, and thus forecasts are not conducted. BASA has also been used
as a research tool to investigate hypotheses and evaluate alternative
models. In this report, we present the most recent fits and estimates
from BASA for 2021 and summarize any modifications and alternative
models explored.

\hypertarget{basa-summary}{%
\section{2022 BASA Summary}\label{basa-summary}}

To run the 2023 BASA model, the key software and versions used include:

The no-U-turn sampler (NUTS) was used within ADMB to sample the
posterior distributions of BASA parameters and derived quantities. The
`adnuts' package and its dependencies were used to run NUTS and
diagnostic checking from within R. Four NUTS chains were ran in total
with the default arguments already supplied to `sample\_nuts()'
(e.g.~warmup=700, iter=2000), except for a higher target acceptance rate
(adapt\_delta=0.9) and using the inverse Hessian as the mass matrix
(metric=`mle'). Diagnostics supported convergence in all four chains
(zero divergences and all R-hat convergence values \textless{} 1.05) and
had sufficient sample size (estimated Bulk Effective Sample Size
\textgreater{} 500 from merged chains). The total duration for running
BASA was 1.8 minutes.

Results are shown from the BASA model fits to data up to and including
2023 (Figs. 1-3). The inner 95th percentiles of the posterior predictive
distributions of the ongoing biomass survey data (Mile-days milt and
PWSSC acoustic biomass) from BASA encompass all observations (Fig. 1).
Fits of the discontinued data (egg deposition and ADF\&G acoustic
biomass) also fit well the historical time series.

\begin{center}\includegraphics[width=0.85\linewidth]{/Users/jzahner/Desktop/Projects/basa_official/figures/survey_fits} \end{center}

\textbf{Fig. 1. Estimated survey biomass from Bayesian age structured
assessment (shading showing 50\% and 95\% posterior predictive intervals
in dark and light gray, respectively) compared to indices of biomass in
the population (points and lines showing observation CV).}

Posterior predictions of the juvenile aerial survey index (age-1
schools) bounded all observations, albeit with large uncertainty. BASA
largely overestimated the 2017 index which was the largest in the
available record, although the relative scale of this cohort (2016
age-0) agrees with the large proportions of age-3s, -4s, -5s, and -6s
observed in 2019, 2020, 2021, and 2022 (Fig. 2). The overestimation of
2017 schools, as well as the underestimation of 2021 schools, may be due
to bias from a subjective standardization used to calculate this index;
schools were numerated by four descriptive categories (small, medium,
large, and extra large) and the largest three categories were converted
to and summed as small school equivalents to calculate the index.
Furthermore, the numbers of medium, large, and extra large schools in
2017 each represented the historical maxima in their respective
categories, while the number of small schools was the third largest.
Further investigation into the accuracy of this standardization is
needed. The large aerual survey index in 2022 is also anomalous, in that
two sequential years have never been observed to have near equally large
numbers of age-1 schools. The exact reasons for this discrepency remain
unknown at this time.

\begin{center}\includegraphics[width=0.85\linewidth]{/Users/jzahner/Desktop/Projects/basa_official/figures/age_compositions} \end{center}

\textbf{Fig. 2. Estimated age structure from the Bayesian age structured
stock assessment (points = median, lines = 95\% posterior predictive
intervals) compared to the age composition data from catches and surveys
(bars). Each color follows a single cohort as it ages through the
fishery. Data are available only for ages-3 and above.}

Posterior predictive intervals for the age composition data mostly show
good fits, except for the age-3 classes in 1987 and 1998 (Fig. 2) and
the all age classes in 2023. The model misfit in 2023 is, likely, due to
the heavily reduced sample size from the ASL survey being used at this
stage. In 2023, there was a large proportion of observed and estimated
age-7 herring, continuing to support a strong 2016 cohort, the size of
which has not been seen since 2002 (Fig. 3). Estimates of the age-3 and
age-4 year classes support strong 2019 and 2020 cohorts as well. The
median spawning biomass estimate in 2021 was approximately 26,540 metric
tons which is above ADF\&G's lower cut-off for fishing (Table 1).
Additionally, uncertainty in this estimate indicates there is a 10\%
probability that 2023 spawning biomass was below this lower cutoff (Fig.
3).

\begin{center}\includegraphics[width=1\linewidth]{/Users/jzahner/Desktop/Projects/basa_official/figures/management_outputs} \end{center}

\textbf{Fig. 3. Bayesian age structured assessment estimates of numbers
of age-3 recruitment in millions, spawning biomass with 95\% credibility
intervals (light gray shading), total exploitation rate, and poterior
probability density of pre-fishery biomass.}\(\\\)

\newpage

\textbf{Table 1.} Time series of posterior percentile (PCTL) estimates
of the population from BASA. Pre-fishery spawning biomass (SB) is mature
biomass of age-3+ fish. Catch (metric tons) includes all fisheries.
Exploitation fraction is the catch divided by total age-3+ biomass.
P(SB\textless20K) is the proportion of posterior SB samples that are
less than 20,000 tons.

\providecommand{\docline}[3]{\noalign{\global\setlength{\arrayrulewidth}{#1}}\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{#2}\cline{#3}}

\setlength{\tabcolsep}{2pt}

\renewcommand*{\arraystretch}{1.5}

\begin{longtable}[c]{|p{0.30in}|p{0.50in}|p{0.30in}|p{0.30in}|p{0.50in}|p{0.30in}|p{0.30in}|p{0.80in}|p{0.50in}|p{0.30in}|p{0.30in}|p{0.80in}}



\hhline{>{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{000000}\global\arrayrulewidth=1.5pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{000000}\global\arrayrulewidth=1.5pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{000000}\global\arrayrulewidth=1.5pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{000000}\global\arrayrulewidth=1.5pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{000000}\global\arrayrulewidth=1.5pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{000000}\global\arrayrulewidth=1.5pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{000000}\global\arrayrulewidth=1.5pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{000000}\global\arrayrulewidth=1.5pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{000000}\global\arrayrulewidth=1.5pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{000000}\global\arrayrulewidth=1.5pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{000000}\global\arrayrulewidth=1.5pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{000000}\global\arrayrulewidth=1.5pt}-}

\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{FFFFFF}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textbf{}}}} & \multicolumn{3}{!{\color[HTML]{FFFFFF}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 1.1in+4\tabcolsep+2\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textbf{Age-3\ recruits\linebreak (millions)}}}} & \multicolumn{3}{!{\color[HTML]{FFFFFF}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 1.1in+4\tabcolsep+2\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textbf{Spawning\ Biomass\ \linebreak (1000\ metric\ tons)}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{FFFFFF}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.8in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textbf{}}}} & \multicolumn{3}{!{\color[HTML]{FFFFFF}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 1.1in+4\tabcolsep+2\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textbf{Exploitation\linebreak fraction}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{FFFFFF}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.8in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{FFFFFF}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textbf{}}}} \\



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{FFFFFF}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textbf{Year}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{FFFFFF}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.5in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textbf{50th}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{FFFFFF}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textbf{2.5th}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{FFFFFF}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textbf{97.5th}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{FFFFFF}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.5in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textbf{50th}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{FFFFFF}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textbf{2.5th}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{FFFFFF}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textbf{97.5th}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{FFFFFF}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.8in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textbf{Catch}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{FFFFFF}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.5in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textbf{50th}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{FFFFFF}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textbf{2.5th}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{FFFFFF}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textbf{97.5th}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{FFFFFF}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.8in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{FFFFFF}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textbf{P(SB<20K)}}}} \\

\hhline{>{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{000000}\global\arrayrulewidth=1.5pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{000000}\global\arrayrulewidth=1.5pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{000000}\global\arrayrulewidth=1.5pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{000000}\global\arrayrulewidth=1.5pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{000000}\global\arrayrulewidth=1.5pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{000000}\global\arrayrulewidth=1.5pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{000000}\global\arrayrulewidth=1.5pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{000000}\global\arrayrulewidth=1.5pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{000000}\global\arrayrulewidth=1.5pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{000000}\global\arrayrulewidth=1.5pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{000000}\global\arrayrulewidth=1.5pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{000000}\global\arrayrulewidth=1.5pt}-}

\endfirsthead

\hhline{>{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{000000}\global\arrayrulewidth=1.5pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{000000}\global\arrayrulewidth=1.5pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{000000}\global\arrayrulewidth=1.5pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{000000}\global\arrayrulewidth=1.5pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{000000}\global\arrayrulewidth=1.5pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{000000}\global\arrayrulewidth=1.5pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{000000}\global\arrayrulewidth=1.5pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{000000}\global\arrayrulewidth=1.5pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{000000}\global\arrayrulewidth=1.5pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{000000}\global\arrayrulewidth=1.5pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{000000}\global\arrayrulewidth=1.5pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{000000}\global\arrayrulewidth=1.5pt}-}

\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{FFFFFF}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textbf{}}}} & \multicolumn{3}{!{\color[HTML]{FFFFFF}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 1.1in+4\tabcolsep+2\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textbf{Age-3\ recruits\linebreak (millions)}}}} & \multicolumn{3}{!{\color[HTML]{FFFFFF}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 1.1in+4\tabcolsep+2\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textbf{Spawning\ Biomass\ \linebreak (1000\ metric\ tons)}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{FFFFFF}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.8in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textbf{}}}} & \multicolumn{3}{!{\color[HTML]{FFFFFF}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 1.1in+4\tabcolsep+2\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textbf{Exploitation\linebreak fraction}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{FFFFFF}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.8in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{FFFFFF}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textbf{}}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{FFFFFF}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textbf{Year}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{FFFFFF}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.5in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textbf{50th}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{FFFFFF}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textbf{2.5th}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{FFFFFF}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textbf{97.5th}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{FFFFFF}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.5in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textbf{50th}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{FFFFFF}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textbf{2.5th}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{FFFFFF}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textbf{97.5th}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{FFFFFF}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.8in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textbf{Catch}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{FFFFFF}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.5in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textbf{50th}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{FFFFFF}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textbf{2.5th}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{FFFFFF}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textbf{97.5th}}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{FFFFFF}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.8in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{FFFFFF}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{\textbf{P(SB<20K)}}}} \\

\hhline{>{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{000000}\global\arrayrulewidth=1.5pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{000000}\global\arrayrulewidth=1.5pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{000000}\global\arrayrulewidth=1.5pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{000000}\global\arrayrulewidth=1.5pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{000000}\global\arrayrulewidth=1.5pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{000000}\global\arrayrulewidth=1.5pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{000000}\global\arrayrulewidth=1.5pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{000000}\global\arrayrulewidth=1.5pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{000000}\global\arrayrulewidth=1.5pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{000000}\global\arrayrulewidth=1.5pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{000000}\global\arrayrulewidth=1.5pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{000000}\global\arrayrulewidth=1.5pt}-}\endhead



\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{1980}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.5in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{225.2}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{153.3}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{325.9}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.5in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{67.0}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{54.5}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{84.4}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.8in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{7,143.76}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.5in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.11}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.08}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.13}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.8in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.00}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{1981}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.5in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{115.8}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{75.9}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{171.3}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.5in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{68.5}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{55.7}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{86.3}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.8in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{14,140.11}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.5in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.21}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.16}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.25}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.8in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.00}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{1982}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.5in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{165.6}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{122.4}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{223.9}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.5in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{59.2}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{46.2}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{77.3}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.8in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{8,097.08}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.5in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.14}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.10}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.18}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.8in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.00}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{1983}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.5in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{491.9}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{393.7}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{621.5}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.5in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{79.3}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{62.0}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{102.9}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.8in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{3,069.28}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.5in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.04}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.03}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.05}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.8in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.00}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{1984}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.5in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{391.6}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{310.8}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{502.0}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.5in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{93.3}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{73.8}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{119.0}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.8in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{6,956.55}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.5in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.07}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.06}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.09}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.8in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.00}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{1985}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.5in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{112.2}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{83.4}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{150.8}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.5in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{106.3}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{84.4}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{135.6}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.8in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{8,172.30}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.5in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.08}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.06}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.10}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.8in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.00}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{1986}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.5in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{143.5}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{108.7}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{188.8}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.5in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{92.4}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{73.5}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{117.0}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.8in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{11,360.92}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.5in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.12}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.10}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.15}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.8in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.00}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{1987}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.5in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{1308.6}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{1061.2}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{1636.0}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.5in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{126.8}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{101.1}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{161.4}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.8in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{6,748.05}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.5in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.05}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.04}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.07}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.8in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.00}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{1988}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.5in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{139.0}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{104.5}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{188.0}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.5in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{142.8}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{114.8}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{180.2}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.8in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{10,039.84}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.5in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.07}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.06}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.09}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.8in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.00}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{1989}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.5in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{25.1}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{18.2}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{39.7}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.5in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{133.4}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{106.6}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{169.9}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.8in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{500.30}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.5in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.00}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.00}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.00}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.8in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.00}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{1990}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.5in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{27.5}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{15.3}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{46.5}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.5in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{113.3}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{91.1}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{143.8}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.8in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{10,461.09}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.5in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.09}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.07}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.11}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.8in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.00}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{1991}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.5in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{673.6}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{509.4}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{922.2}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.5in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{106.4}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{84.4}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{136.8}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.8in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{16,510.43}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.5in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.16}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.12}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.20}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.8in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.00}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{1992}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.5in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{29.7}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{15.5}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{59.7}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.5in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{92.7}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{71.1}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{123.7}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.8in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{20,838.19}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.5in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.22}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.17}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.29}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.8in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.00}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{1993}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.5in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{71.4}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{42.4}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{118.4}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.5in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{46.7}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{35.7}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{61.2}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.8in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{2,631.78}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.5in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.06}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.04}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.07}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.8in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.00}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{1994}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.5in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{12.9}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{5.8}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{25.8}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.5in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{23.3}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{17.4}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{31.3}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.8in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.00}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.5in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.00}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.00}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.00}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.8in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.15}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{1995}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.5in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{67.5}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{49.9}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{90.7}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.5in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{22.7}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{17.7}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{29.3}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.8in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.00}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.5in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.00}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.00}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.00}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.8in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.16}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{1996}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.5in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{39.7}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{28.5}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{55.9}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.5in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{22.5}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{18.0}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{28.5}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.8in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{511.94}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.5in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.02}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.02}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.03}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.8in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.15}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{1997}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.5in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{83.9}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{62.5}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{113.1}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.5in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{24.7}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{19.8}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{31.1}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.8in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{4,917.92}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.5in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.20}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.16}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.25}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.8in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.03}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{1998}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.5in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{66.4}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{46.4}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{95.6}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.5in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{19.8}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{15.2}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{26.1}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.8in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{4,150.79}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.5in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.21}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.16}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.27}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.8in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.53}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{1999}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.5in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{6.1}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{2.7}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{12.5}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.5in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{14.9}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{10.7}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{20.7}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.8in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{50.16}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.5in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.00}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.00}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.00}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.8in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.96}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{2000}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.5in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{31.7}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{19.6}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{49.6}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.5in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{14.1}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{10.1}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{19.4}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.8in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.00}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.5in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.00}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.00}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.00}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.8in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.98}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{2001}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.5in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{10.0}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{4.5}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{20.1}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.5in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{13.5}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{9.7}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{18.7}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.8in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.00}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.5in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.00}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.00}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.00}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.8in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.99}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{2002}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.5in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{238.0}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{167.1}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{337.9}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.5in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{18.0}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{13.1}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{24.5}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.8in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.00}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.5in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.00}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.00}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.00}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.8in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.74}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{2003}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.5in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{50.0}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{30.4}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{79.2}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.5in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{25.9}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{18.8}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{35.6}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.8in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.00}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.5in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.00}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.00}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.00}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.8in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.05}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{2004}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.5in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{26.5}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{14.0}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{46.9}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.5in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{26.1}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{18.9}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{36.1}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.8in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.00}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.5in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.00}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.00}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.00}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.8in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.05}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{2005}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.5in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{35.9}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{20.6}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{61.8}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.5in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{21.2}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{15.2}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{29.6}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.8in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.00}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.5in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.00}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.00}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.00}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.8in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.36}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{2006}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.5in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{26.1}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{14.4}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{44.9}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.5in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{19.3}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{13.6}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{27.4}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.8in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.00}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.5in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.00}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.00}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.00}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.8in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.58}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{2007}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.5in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{134.5}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{90.3}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{196.4}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.5in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{22.5}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{15.7}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{32.1}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.8in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.00}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.5in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.00}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.00}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.00}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.8in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.25}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{2008}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.5in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{109.1}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{72.2}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{160.7}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.5in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{26.8}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{18.9}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{37.3}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.8in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.00}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.5in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.00}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.00}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.00}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.8in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.05}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{2009}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.5in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{42.8}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{25.5}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{70.0}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.5in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{24.6}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{17.5}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{34.0}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.8in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.00}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.5in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.00}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.00}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.00}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.8in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.11}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{2010}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.5in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{54.5}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{34.5}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{86.0}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.5in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{23.2}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{16.5}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{32.1}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.8in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.00}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.5in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.00}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.00}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.00}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.8in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.18}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{2011}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.5in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{13.2}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{6.4}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{25.3}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.5in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{19.1}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{13.7}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{26.4}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.8in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.00}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.5in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.00}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.00}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.00}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.8in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.60}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{2012}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.5in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{40.0}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{24.7}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{62.8}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.5in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{16.8}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{12.0}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{23.3}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.8in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.00}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.5in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.00}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.00}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.00}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.8in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.85}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{2013}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.5in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{12.2}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{6.2}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{22.1}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.5in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{13.8}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{9.7}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{19.3}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.8in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.00}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.5in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.00}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.00}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.00}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.8in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.99}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{2014}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.5in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{6.4}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{2.9}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{12.6}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.5in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{10.6}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{7.5}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{14.9}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.8in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.00}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.5in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.00}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.00}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.00}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.8in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{1.00}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{2015}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.5in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{16.6}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{9.5}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{28.1}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.5in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{7.3}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{5.2}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{10.4}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.8in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.00}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.5in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.00}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.00}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.00}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.8in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{1.00}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{2016}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.5in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{18.3}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{10.7}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{31.0}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.5in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{5.8}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{4.1}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{8.2}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.8in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.00}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.5in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.00}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.00}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.00}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.8in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{1.00}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{2017}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.5in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{38.1}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{24.0}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{60.6}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.5in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{5.4}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{3.8}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{7.8}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.8in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.00}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.5in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.00}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.00}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.00}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.8in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{1.00}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{2018}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.5in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{17.8}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{8.9}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{34.8}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.5in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{6.0}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{4.2}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{8.9}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.8in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.00}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.5in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.00}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.00}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.00}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.8in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{1.00}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{2019}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.5in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{213.6}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{140.9}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{329.1}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.5in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{12.4}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{8.6}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{18.1}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.8in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.00}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.5in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.00}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.00}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.00}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.8in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.99}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{2020}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.5in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{41.8}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{22.1}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{77.0}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.5in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{16.8}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{11.5}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{25.1}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.8in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.00}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.5in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.00}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.00}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.00}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.8in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.80}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{2021}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.5in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{31.8}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{14.6}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{67.0}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.5in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{20.2}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{13.6}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{30.5}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.8in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.00}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.5in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.00}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.00}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.00}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.8in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.48}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{2022}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.5in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{61.0}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{25.9}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{132.9}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.5in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{22.4}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{14.9}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{33.8}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.8in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.00}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.5in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.00}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.00}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.00}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.8in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.29}}} \\





\multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{2023}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.5in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{111.0}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{34.4}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{348.6}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.5in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{26.5}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{17.4}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{42.5}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.8in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.00}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.5in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.00}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.00}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.3in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.00}}} & \multicolumn{1}{!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}>{\raggedleft}p{\dimexpr 0.8in+0\tabcolsep+0\arrayrulewidth}!{\color[HTML]{000000}\vrule width 0pt}}{\fontsize{9}{9}\selectfont{\textcolor[HTML]{000000}{0.10}}} \\

\hhline{>{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=2pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=2pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=2pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=2pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=2pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=2pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=2pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=2pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=2pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=2pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=2pt}->{\arrayrulecolor[HTML]{666666}\global\arrayrulewidth=2pt}-}



\end{longtable}

\newpage

\hypertarget{references}{%
\section{References}\label{references}}

Botz, J., G. Hollowell, J. Bell, R. Brenner, and S. D. Moffitt. 2010.
2009 Prince William Sound Area Finfish Management Report. Alaska
Department of Fish and Game, Anchorage, Alaska.

Funk, F., and K. A. Rowell. 1995. Population model suggests new
threshold for managing Alaska`s Togiak Fishery for Pacific herring in
Bristol Bay. Alaska Fishery Research Bulletin 2:125-136.

Monnahan, C. C., T. A. Branch, J. T. Thorson, I. J. Stewart, and C. S.
Szuwalski. 2019. Overcoming long Bayesian run times in integrated
fisheries stock assessments. ICES Journal of Marine Science
76:1477-1488.

Muradian, M. L., T. A. Branch, S. D. Moffitt, and P.-J. F. Hulson. 2017.
Bayesian stock assessment of Pacific herring in Prince William Sound,
Alaska. PLOS ONE 12:e0172153.

Muradian, M. L., T. A. Branch, and A. E. Punt. 2019. A framework for
assessing which sampling programmes provide the best trade-off between
accuracy and cost of data in stock assessments. ICES Journal of Marine
Science 76:2102-2113.

Trochta, J. T., T. A. Branch, A. O. Shelton, and D. E. Hay. 2020. The
highs and lows of herring: A meta-analysis of patterns and factors in
herring collapse and recovery. Fish and Fisheries 21:639-662.

Trochta, J. T., and T. A. Branch. 2021. Applying Bayesian model
selection to determine ecological covariates for recruitment and natural
mortality in stock assessment. ICES Journal of Marine Science
78:2875-2894.

Trochta, J. T., M. Groner, P. Hershberger, and T. A. Branch. in review.
A better way to account for disease in fisheries stock assessment: the
powerful potential of seroprevalence data. ICES Journal of Marine
Science.

\end{document}
